examples/default/README.md, before:

# Default example

## Usage

```
# terraform init
# terraform apply
```

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.14 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 3.5 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 3.5 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_this"></a> [this](#module\_this) | ../../ | n/a |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_iam_openid_connect_provider.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_openid_connect_provider) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_access_key"></a> [access\_key](#input\_access\_key) | Credentials: AWS access key. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_secret_key"></a> [secret\_key](#input\_secret\_key) | Credentials: AWS secret key. Pass this as a variable, never write password in the code. | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_this"></a> [this](#output\_this) | n/a |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

refactor: lint code in example test cases

examples/default/README.md, after:

# Default example

## Usage

To run this example, you need to execute:

```
$ terraform init
$ terraform plan
$ terraform apply
```

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.14 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 3.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 3.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_this"></a> [this](#module\_this) | ../../ | n/a |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_iam_openid_connect_provider.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_openid_connect_provider) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_access_key"></a> [access\_key](#input\_access\_key) | Credentials: AWS access key. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_secret_key"></a> [secret\_key](#input\_secret\_key) | Credentials: AWS secret key. Pass this as a variable, never write password in the code. | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_this"></a> [this](#output\_this) | n/a |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
